My name is Chantelle.
I'm a Security Engineer
here at Google,
and I am part of
the security and implement,
and scaling team.
We secure and monitor
systems that contain
sensitive information.
My background, initially
I was going to
be a heart surgeon and
then I took chemistry,
I took chem 1, and I was like,
no that's not happening.
My interest in cybersecurity
came from a TV show called Mr.
Robot. It's about
a vigilante hacker
trying to save the world.
And from there, that kind of piqued
my interest in security,
and so that's a
great foundation.
Valuing diversity in
security is important
because we're exposed to a
broad range of thinking.
That helps to inspire a
lot of creative ideas and
different perspectives
and different ways
of tackling a problem and
that kind of leads us forward
into being better
security engineers.
Our Manager, Laureen always
steps in to tell us,
"Don't be so quick
to find a solution.
Don't be so quick to solve
the problems yourselves."
We have a wide range of
security engineers and
connections to our disposal,
and she encourages us to
go out and seek them out,
and then to come back and
then have us settle in and
brainstorm all of
these ideas that we've
collected after we've went
out and tried to find it.
We've ultimately
almost always come up
with the best possible outcome
that we can ever come up with.
My advice for people to get into
the industry is get out
there and be proactive.
I definitely recommend joining
up the security
community on Twitter.
There's a huge security
community on Twitter right now.
That shares a bunch
of resources,
opportunities, job positions,
and are definitely
open to talking to
anyone that's interested
in getting into the field
but just don't know how. I
recommend security as a career.
Definitely, I think
that for me personally,
I was able to tap into my
rebel side a lot in security.
I found I was able to express
myself a bit more in security.
It's just a whole
ball of goodness.